Multi data source search (#102)
ome/omero_search_engine: test_scripts/vars.txt

> # the searchengine docket image which supports the mult-data souirce and delete, reindex containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# the searchengine docker image which supports the multi-data sources and deletion, reindexing of containers
```

> SEARCHENGINE_IMAGE=khaledk2/searchengine:multisource

Reviewer: To be modified

USER_NAME=elastic
PASSWORD=es_password

> #should be replaced by the container id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# should be replaced by the container id
```
